Hello, and welcome to my course on Managing Software Packages with
AWS CodeArtifact. First, a little bit about me.
My name's Joshua Edwards.
I am the vice president of engineering at a blockchain and
cryptocurrency‑focused business, and I have previously been the head of DevOps.
This course is going to be focused on Amazon Web Services CodeArtifact.
CodeArtifact is a super powerful software package service from AWS that allows
you to store custom software packages and also public ones.
This course will cover what is CodeArtifact, how to create a CodeArtifact
domain, repository, and work with software packages, the prerequisites
required to make this possible, and finally,
how to monitor and keep your repository secure.
By the end of this course,
you'll be well on your way to becoming a CodeArtifact pro.
But before beginning this course,
you should be familiar with the AWS CLI and npm.
It is not necessary to be well versed in these services, as I
walk you through using them. From here,
you should feel comfortable diving into further AWS DevOps
services with courses on CodeBuild and CodePipeline.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn all about
CodeArtifact with my Managing Software Packages with AWS CodeArtifact course, at Pluralsight.